Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
When do you turn yourselves in?
We're on our way now.
We need protection in County,
and we got to make these
bullshit charges go away.
So you came to say good-bye?
Yeah.
Get him out of here!
You got a spot with us, boy.
Appreciate that.
Pope finds out
brown has our back,
he's gonna find
other ways to hurt us.
What the hell
do you want, man?
I need a dead Son
for the Niner and
the cop you killed.
It maintains
my relationships.
When that happens,
you get out to earn,
and Trager-- he stays inside
for the rest of his life.
- (cell phone ringing)
- Yeah, what?
I've got
two of your guys.
Real cute thing
and some old dude.
What's going on?
(Gemma screaming)
(gunshot, women scream)
Let me see your hands!
Don't move.
Had to be Emma Jean.
Am I choosing or you?
My call.
No!
Ope!
I got this.
Pope: Sounds like things
went according to plan.
There's a new plan.
I just watched my best friend
get beaten to death.
Now I need Trager outside.
Him knowing
I saved his life
gives me an internal advantage
I'm gonna need.
There you go.
Using pain to take you
to the next level.
Those are the things
that turn players into kings.
(motorcycles roaring)
(Gemma groans)
What happened?
Your little tantrum
got us all locked up.
Emma Jean...
you beat the shit out of her.
She called the cops?
Someone reported prostitution.
Either her or your old man.
Oh, no.
Clay wouldn't
settle a beef with cops.
He doesn't need to.
He has you.
(lock clicking)
Gemma Teller-Morrow.
You're out.
Let's go.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You know all
the right people.
Yeah, or maybe they just
realized that I wasn't a whore.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
Well, they dropped
the prostitution charge.
Just battery at play.
It was a misunderstanding.
Oh.
What part-- the hooking
or the beating?
I'm sorry.
I didn't know
who else to call.
Wow.
You must really be
running out of friends
if I'm your emergency
contact number.
How much do I owe you?
I posted a bond-- 900.
All right, just come by
the garage today,
I'll give you the money.
Thank you.
No problem.
It's the least I could do
for the way you helped me
with Tara.
Should've known
listening to you would
just make things worse.
Yeah, I guess you should've.
So why'd you help me?
(Wendy sighs)
Putting coin
in the karma bank.
Come on. I'll give you
a ride home.
Um... nah.
I don't need a ride.
I got one.
I will handle
this thing with Tara.
No more manipulating, okay?
Hey, it's not Tara
you have to convince,
it's Jax.
You are still the woman
who tried to kill
his firstborn son.
You understand me?
Yeah, I know.
You okay?
I didn't know you were out.
Yeah, I had a friend
post bail.
I, um, I still got
some stuff at your place.
I got to stick around,
bail out the rest of the girls.
They blame me for this.
Okay.
You think it's my fault?
Oh, don't answer that.
I left my thick skin
in Charming.
(Jax sighs)
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need you
to check in on Lyla.
The county made the call
this morning.
Okay.
I'll drop the boys off
at day care
and push
a few appointments.
Thanks.
Let her know about tonight.
Mm-hmm.
She needs anything at all...
Does Gemma know?
No. I'll tell her.
I love you.
I love you, Jax.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
I think Opie's been looking
for a way out since Donna died.
He's never been right since.
He went out a warrior.
We...
we wouldn't be sitting here
if it wasn't for him.
Clay: No doubt,
Ope made his own choice.
It's Pope forcing that choice
concerns me.
Jax did all he could...
all he could
to push back the threat.
Agreeing to a 50 G payout?
Short term, Frankie.
How short?
We never rubbed up
against a guy like Pope.
An OG sitting at a table
with judges, senators, CEOs.
He could kill us
with a phone call
as easily as a bullet.
We're just white smoke
to this dude.
I say we agree to his terms,
see where it goes.
Maybe we can even use
this guy to our advantage.
What advantage is that?
If we're good with Pope,
the rest of black
gets in line.
What about the tar stains
that killed Ope?
They just gonna
get in line, too?
No retaliation.
Not now.
It puts us
and Charming at risk.
We're already at risk.
Those home invasions,
that's got to be black.
Pope didn't
put them in play.
He wasn't sure
about the Niners.
He's looking into it.
We're throwing Pope
a lot of trust.
It ain't trust, man.
It's fear!
Right now, he controls it.
We got to buy time
to change that.
Let's vote this.
We pay out the 50 Gs till
we figure this shit out.
Yea.
Okay.
I'll set up
a meeting with Pope,
tell him we're good,
push him on these
home invasions.
The body should be here
this afternoon.
Let's do this right.
Hey, Jax.
You seen your mom?
No. Why?
Got a call from Fain
over at Stockton PD.
Gemma got arrested last night.
Said she got bailed out
this morning.
Arrested for what?
Uh, some kind of raid
on a brothel.
Shit.
Nero.
What's a Nero?
I'm with you.
Tig:
Jax, you go.
We'll handle
everything for Opie.
All right.
- You good?
- Go.
Come on.
What happened to Ope?
Never made it out of County.
Oh, Christ.
How?
How do you think?
Let's go.
Come by later...
say good-bye.
Oh, God.
What?
Eviction notice.
We're out at
the end of the week.
Oh, hey.
I was just on my way
to your office.
Um, I'll meet you
there, okay?
Okay.
Yeah.
Come on.
(indistinct chatter over P.A.)
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you had them
in day care here.
Don't sit down.
You're not staying.
I hope you never
have to experience
what I just felt
in that hallway.
Having your own son
walk by you
and have no idea
who you are.
That's not my fault.
No.
It's mine; I know that.
Look, the way I handled
things yesterday--
not the way
I want to do this.
I'm sorry.
There's nothing more
for you to say.
If you want to start
a custody suit,
have your lawyer call me.
End of story.
No, that's
not what I want.
Look, I understand
what you're doing.
I would probably be
reacting the same way.
But there has to be
a part of you that knows
that what I'm asking for
isn't just for me.
It's about
what's best for Abel.
And I'm the person
making that decision.
Yeah, today.
But it's easy for you
to shut me out
when he's three.
What are you gonna do
when he's a teenager
and he wants to know
who his real mom is?
You can stop me
from getting to him,
but you can't stop him
from finding me.
He's gonna want
to know the truth.
So, please,
just think about that.
(door closes)
Hey.
Oh, my God.
When'd you get out?
Just this morning.
(Gemma sighs)
You okay?
Yeah.
What happened?
You ask her.
What did you do?
It wasn't her fault.
Gemma:
Clay showed up
here yesterday,
and, um, you know,
I caught him with
one of those girls.
Just smacked her around
a little.
Kicked the shit
out of her.
She must have
gone to Vice.
We don't know that for sure.
Jesus Christ.
Go home, Mom.
I'll let myself out.
I'm sorry, man.
Anything I can do to help.
Hey, how's Hernando?
He's not good.
He's laid up
at Saint Joe's.
One of our guys took
a bullet during this raid.
Girls are talking.
Saying it was Emma Jean
who called the cops.
Where's she at?
I don't know.
We just got out.
She's still in town,
she's working.
We'll find her.
No, no, no, no.
I don't want anybody
knowing our business.
I will check around,
I will find out
where she is.
Then I'll let
you handle it, eh?
Yeah.
Okay.
Call us when you know.
(Nero speaks Spanish)
Orale. Vamos.
You really want to help?
What you need?
Save the chick
your mom almost killed,
before my guys
finish the job.
I got to get this
Emma Jean out of town.
How's your crew gonna
feel about you moving
behind their back?
No treason.
I'm thinking out loud here.
I'm hoping someone's listening.
Where is she?
She's probably doing privates
out of her hotel.
Canby Suites,
Sixth and Grove.
Look for, uh, hearts hanging
from her door.
How romantic.
All right, man.
I'll call you
when we have her.
(keypad beeps)
(line ringing)
Come on, get it up.
Got one more, come on.
That's good,
good, good, good.
(Clay sighs)
I need to talk to you.
Okay.
This is the part where the rest
of you get the hell out.
Okay.
Nero lost his place.
Looks like that little skank
you tapped ratted out to Vice.
Not my problem.
Why'd you come up there?
Why do you think?
I needed to know
you were safe.
Now I know.
You don't know shit.
I need distance, Clay.
Stop checking up on me.
You want to
drink yourself stupid,
you want to lay down
with spic bangers,
knock yourself out.
You want distance,
you got it.
I don't even know
who you are anymore.
Why don't you bounce
my face off the floor.
Then maybe you'll recognize me.
Got to get ready
for Ope's thing.
What thing?
Jax didn't tell you?
Tell me what?
Ope...
got killed in County.
The wake's tonight.
(Gemma gasps)
(Gemma sobs softly)
(sobbing)
What the hell's
happening to us?
(slapping)
Emma: Slap it, daddy.
(Emma Jean laughs)
Okay, do it now. Better.
Harder, Daddy.
(Emma Jean laughs)
Emma Jean's on the job.
Ow!
Oh, oh, you deserve it.
Shit.
Patch might spook her.
(slapping continues)
(muffled laughter)
Man:
Dirty little--
Emma:
I don't know.
What do you want?
Got your name from
a friend of mine.
You have to call first.
I don't have
your number.
Hey.
What're you doing?
Get out of here.
Now.
Oh, shit.
Relax. We're not
gonna hurt you.
You can't just barge in here.
Someone turned Vice
onto Diosa.
Nero's crew
thinks it was you.
I didn't call anyone.
I just split.
That's the truth.
I'd never rat.
Well, the only truth
that matters now
is these guys
want to hurt you.
Let's go, sweetheart.
Nero wants us to
get you out of town.
Oh, Christ.
Here.
Put this on.
(car door slams)
Where you heading?
We'll take it from here.
- Hold on, darling.
- (engine starts)
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, let's go!
(tires squealing)
♪ Crazy how you
try to play me ♪
♪ Try to control me ♪
(horns honking)
♪ But let me
tell you one thing ♪
(Emma Jean screams,
horns honking)
♪ If I don't get my cash ♪
♪ You gonna be
filling that bag ♪
♪ So what's this now,
I can't get paid ♪
♪ Let's get down,
the sucker ♪
♪ Gonna have it made ♪
♪ So just sit there now ♪
Get these white boys, fool!
♪ Let's get down,
the sucker ♪
♪ Gonna have it made ♪
(Emma Jean screams)
♪ Mister 44 got six
little friends ♪
♪ And they can all
run faster than you ♪
♪ Mister 44 got six
little friends ♪
♪ And they are coming,
they're coming ♪
♪ They're coming for you ♪
(tires squealing)
Yeah! Yeah!
♪ Mister 44 got
six little friends ♪
♪ And they are coming,
they're coming ♪
(Emma Jean screams)
Shit!
- You whole?
- Yeah.
You okay?
Yeah.
Chibs:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Jax:
Stay here.
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, not here.
Not here.
We just want her.
Hey, go back inside.
Go on.
Go back inside.
Hey, come on now, guys, huh?
Look around.
I don't think we want to be
doing this for an audience.
Come on, let's go.
You made a big
mistake, pendejo.
This whore shit
all over our club.
Got my mom locked up.
This is our get.
We got to send a message,
make sure the other pussy
doesn't think about doing it.
All right, well,
use us as your message.
Tell your crew
you sent the biker boys
to do your bitch work.
We all want
the same thing here.
No sense in us
all killing each other
over some piece of gash.
We'll need proof she's dead.
The other girls
got to see that shit.
I want a thumb.
And a tit.
Really?
Okay.
Someone sent these two.
This is a setup.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
We're gonna take you
to our clubhouse.
You'll be safe there.
You call Nero.
You get him
and his bottom bitch
to meet us there.
Come on,
my lovely little slag.
You're all right.
JAX (whispering): I'm sorry.
Come on.
What happened?
Your boys showed up
at the hotel the same time
as we did.
Almost ended up
in a hood slaughter.
We convinced them that
we'd finish her off.
So, what we need now
is a digit and a tiny
titty to prove it.
Ah, Jesus Christ.
How'd they know
where she was?
There's only
one other person who knew.
I was protecting you.
If your crew found
out what you did,
they'd crush you.
They'd ruin everything
that we've built.
Where do you get
this "we" shit from?
We haven't built anything.
I'm sorry.
I never would've
sent you guys there
if I would have known.
It's okay.
Sounds like a move
someone else would pull.
Let's call it even.
Rat.
Keep her in the garage,
away from the phones.
Yes, sir.
Why is she here?
That's not your concern.
No, it's not.
But it should be yours.
You know what, Mom?
I kind of have a few things
on my plate today.
Like burying my best friend.
So your need to be loved,
worshipped and adored
is a little low
on my list today.
Nothing happened
between me and your old man.
He didn't even
take his pants off.
Had me rub his shoulders.
And I didn't call the cops.
Can you keep an eye
on Carla until I get
this one out of town?
Yeah.
Call Skeeter.
See who he's burning.
Tell him we need
a thumb and a tit.
Okay.
You know, he loves you
more than anyone, Mom.
Just give him some room.
(knocking on door)
Yeah?
(door opens)
Hey, babe.
Hey.
(door closes)
Did you go down?
A little bit.
I got cut off.
I'm fine.
(sighs)
How was Lyla?
Medicated.
(Tara grunts)
I'm tossing those.
Maybe we shouldn't.
(sighs)
Wendy came by
the hospital today.
(Jax groans)
Shit.
I'll handle it.
We have to tell him
the truth, Jax.
(sighs)
No, we don't.
The trauma that Abel's
seen in his life,
narced up at birth,
kidnapped.
Who knows how much damage
that shit's already done?
I'm not gonna
confuse him more.
When he's older
and stronger,
we can talk
about this again,
but until then,
no other woman
is gonna call him "son"
but you.
Wendy can stay clear
of our family.
Okay, baby.
(knocking on door)
Bobby: Jax.
He's all dressed.
Looks-looks pretty good.
That's a nice-looking
box, man.
Ope would've dug it.
Jax:
Let's get him inside.
How's she doing?
Really sad.
I'm so sorry.
(Lyla sobs)
Let's go.
Give her a minute.
Let's clear.
(Lyla cries quietly)
Take as much time
as you need.
What do I do, Jax?
I can't raise
three kids on my own.
I could barely
cover me and Piper.
How am I supposed to
care for those kids
and earn a living?
Just like every other
single mother.
You get help--
friends, family.
My mom lives two hours away;
I don't have family up here.
Let me show you something.
That's your family.
Anything you need,
you just ask.
Anyone says no,
they answer to me.
Hey.
You get Emma Jean out safe?
Oh, yeah. She's on a plane
back to the heartland.
Good.
You got a minute?
I want to bounce
something off you.
Yeah, sure.
Have a seat, man.
So...
what happens to Diosa now?
Outcalls, man.
Outcalls until I find me
a new spot.
You mind if I ask
how much your girls pull in?
On average, they do
three to five dates
a day, take in...
minimum, a few hundred
a client.
Now, a touring girl,
like Emma Jean, there,
she can do triple that.
You happy with that return?
You sound like
you're trying to sell me
some life insurance here.
I got a endgame here, mano.
What's the endgame?
1.3 million.
I'm gonna buy my uncle's
spread down in Norco.
20 acres.
My kid loves animals.
I'm gonna give him
a goddamn farm.
I like that.
How close are you?
I ain't close enough.
Maybe I can help you
get there a little faster.
Caracara?
Yeah, it's a porn biz
that we used to handle.
That's not my game.
No, but the girls
on that list are.
It's the nature
of the business now.
Most of these girls,
they gotta supplement
with the porn star
experience--
1,500 to five grand
a date.
They need a booker.
You still have access
to all of them?
Yep.
There's a few of them
in the clubhouse right now.
There's an old Elks lodge
for rent, out on 88.
It's the perfect location.
There's no neighbors,
close to major highways...
I'll cover all
the new start-up costs.
Then we split
everything 50-50.
Diosa Norte.
Partners, huh?
I got an endgame
in sight, too.
My best friend is lying
in a box in the other room.
I gotta start
moving us away
from the shit
that's killing us.
I'm sorry about
your friend in there,
but I tell you
straight-up, though,
if we were to do a deal...
it would have to be
completely clear of
all your other traffic.
You see, I can't get
pulled into the heat
of all the things
you're moving away from.
Understood.
And I don't want the heat
of all the things
that you're trying
to get close to.
My mom.
I can't mix business
and family.
The shit with Clay--
Her and Tara--
It's deep, man.
It will bleed
all over us.
So you sure that's--
That's a business request,
not some twisted
mommy thing?
I untwisted my mommy thing
a long time ago.
You gotta
stay clear of Gemma.
Huh.
Okay.
Yeah, let's see
where this goes.
(Gemma sighs)
Thanks for bailing me out.
No problem.
Thanks for paying me back.
You sound surprised.
This a party?
Uh, no...
it's a wake.
Ope got killed when
they were in County.
Oh, no.
You think
I could go say bye?
I don't think
Jax seeing you
helps either one
of you right now.
Right, right...
Come here.
It's all right.
What the hell
is she doing here?
Relax.
Do not ignore me.
Get your hands off me!
You want to protect Jax?
Wendy ain't the one
you should worry about.
What?
Dora the Whore-a in there--
she almost got him
killed today.
That's why he laid down
that bike.
He's lucky to be alive.
He said he got cut off.
Yeah.
Cut off by bangers
trying to run his ass over.
That bitch, she set it up.
Come on.
I'll prove it.
Punch out.
Shut the door.
Yes, ma'am.
So what is this?
I was just
telling my daughter
how you almost got
her husband killed today.
Now that's shit.
Listen, this is none
of your goddamn business,
and you don't
get to come at me...
You stupid old whore.
(Gemma gasping)
(yells)
Ah!
(grunting)
(Carla groans)
(Tara yells)
♪♪
(sniffling)
Bobby: Jax?
It's time, brother.
♪ I left my home
still as a child ♪
♪ I walked a thousand
sorry miles ♪
♪ To wait for my father ♪
♪ To gather up his tools ♪
♪ He said my boy
you've got to run ♪
♪ Don't wait for me,
don't wait for Mum ♪
♪ We'll come get you ♪
♪ When it's safe
for us to move ♪
♪ So I waited many years ♪
♪ Held back the pain
behind my tears ♪
♪ For my father to come
find me like he said ♪
♪ In that time
I was alone ♪
♪ So many years
without my home ♪
♪ I made brothers of
a different kind instead ♪
♪ And at the time
I didn't know ♪
♪ Just how hard
the wind could blow ♪
♪ Towards disaster and
the things that I would see ♪
♪ I never found my father ♪
♪ I never found my mother ♪
♪ Either but I know that
in my lifetime I will be ♪
I'll see you
later, brother.
♪ A hero to the masses ♪
♪ To those born
without chances ♪
♪ There's a freedom
that everyone deserves ♪
♪ I know there's greed
and there's corruption ♪
♪ I've seen death
and mass destruction ♪
♪ But I'm telling you
and I hope that I am heard ♪
♪ I will not be commanded ♪
♪ I will not be controlled ♪
Up.
♪ And I will not
let my future go on ♪
Here's to Ope.
Rest in peace.
♪ Without the help
of my soul ♪
♪ I will not be commanded ♪
♪I will not be controlled ♪
And I will not
let my future go on ♪
♪ Without the help of my soul ♪
♪ I will not be commanded ♪
♪ I will not be controlled ♪
♪ And I will not
let my future go on ♪
♪ Without the help of my soul ♪
♪ I will not be commanded ♪
♪ I will not be controlled ♪
♪ And I will not let
my future go on ♪
♪ Without the help of my soul ♪
♪ I will not be commanded ♪
♪ I will not be controlled ♪
♪ And I will not
let my future go on ♪
♪ Without the help
of my soul ♪